add June 2021 blog (#305)
fluxcd/website: content/en/blog/2021-05-31-june-update.md

---
author: dholbach
date: 2021-05-31 08:30:00+00:00
title: June 2021 update

> description: Flux 0.14 and Flagger 1.11 with lots of new features, KubeCon talks galore, Flux at CNCF Store, lots of Flux adoption. We are reviewing the Flux governance.

Reviewer: I'm thinking the short phrase "we are reviewing Flux governance" could be interpreted to mean something different – like perhaps we are rethinking governance, or it wasn't fully established yet, etc. While a 6 month review feels more planned and standard, as is the case. WDYT?

```suggestion
description: Flux 0.14 and Flagger 1.11 with lots of new features, KubeCon talks galore, Flux at CNCF Store, lots of Flux adoption. Flux governance 6 month review.
```

url: /blog/2021/05/june-2021-update/
images:
- /img/2021-05-cncf-store.png
- /img/2021-05-flux-adopters.png
---

As the Flux family of projects and its communities are growing, we
strive to inform you each month about what has already landed, new
possibilities which are available for integration and where you can get
involved. Read last month's update [here](/blog/2021/04/may-2021-update).

Let's recap what happened in May - there has been so much happening!

## Newest Flux release

With the 0.14 release of Flux we added a number of big features to Flux.

The highlights are:

- We replaced the Flux monitoring stack with Prometheus Operator and

>   kube-prometheus-stack.

Reviewer: Perhaps link to the Helm chart
```suggestion
  [kube-prometheus-stack](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/prometheus-community/kube-prometheus-stack).
```

  (specified with .spec.upstreamRef) as a template.
- Also: Adjusted Nginx ingress canary headers on init and promotion

1.10.0 comes with support for Graphite metric templates, additionally:

- ConfigTracker: Scan envFrom in init-containers
- e2e: Update Istio to v1.10 and Contour to v1.15

:warning: Flagger 1.11.0 comes with a breaking change: the minimum supported
version of Kubernetes is v1.19.0.

This release comes with support for Kubernetes Ingress `networking.k8s.io/v1`.
The Ingress from `networking.k8s.io/v1beta1` is no longer supported, affected
integrations: NGINX and Skipper ingress controllers.

## KubeCon round-up

KubeCon 2021 Europe happened in early May and the Flux team was happy to
represent. If you entirely missed the event, here are a couple of links
we'd like to share:

- 05 May 2021 - [Keynote: CNCF Project Update: Flux - Stefan
  Prodan](https://youtu.be/kuzZpKHLoVM) at KubeCon 2021
  Europe
- 06 May 2021 - [Flux: Multi-tenancy Deep Dive - Philip
  Laine](https://youtu.be/F7B_TBcIyl8) at KubeCon 2021
  Europe
- 04 - 07 May 2021 - [Flux Pavilion at KubeCon EU! Talks and demos
  every 30 minutes! Say
  hello!](https://bit.ly/Flux_KubeConEU2021)

> These are recordings of talks which were given by Flux maintainers.

Reviewer: Do we want to add all Kubecon talks by Flux maintainers? If we just want to list a few of them, that is fine, we can probably remove this line entirely

Author: Do you have more links?

Author: I went with what's on https://fluxcd.io/community/#talks

Reviewer: I know we listed them all in the May blog 🙂
